Document the steps for backup and restore of appliances (#1740)
ManageIQ/manageiq-documentation: appliance_specific/index.md

---
---

# Backup
Creating a backup of the appliance will be done using SSH or the console.

1. Launch `appliance_console`
  a. Select `12) Stop EVM Server Processes` to stop the server processes

>   b. Select `2) Create Database Backup` and choosea backup location (/tmp/evm_db.backup is the default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  b. Select `2) Create Database Backup` and choose a backup location (/tmp/evm_db.backup is the default)
```

>   c. Select `17) Quit` to return to the shell

Reviewer: Minor, but I suggest remove the 12), 2), etc, because the numbers could change if we insert new stuff (think for Kafka).  I think the text is sufficient.

2. For convenience, create a TGZ containing all files required to restore the database

>         # tar -czvf /root/backup.tgz /tmp/evm_db.backup /var/www/miq/vmdb/GUID /var/www/miq/vmdb/certs/v2_key

Reviewer: I suggest using \`\`\`bash around this (and then you can remove the comment `#`

Reviewer: Also, prefer a 3 space indent (that will allow markdown rendering to put it under the `2.`, but not make it a quote block)
